Why have you heard of her name?
No.
He just came to Shanzhou.
Actually his name
to hide his identity.
His real name is
is Jennifer.
Cabbage buns.
Why is there such a name?
He's more interesting than his name.
Alright, that's all for today's interview.
Thank you, Brigade Commander Cui.
Bao.
He's still alive.
Sister.
Why are you still here?
You said
I can't leave if you don't come back.
And Brigade Commander said
to keep an eye on you.
Sister.
What grudge do you have against him?
We have a huge grudge.
Go back.
It's late. I don't need anyone here.
No need.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I just thought of my brother.
My brother and I
We escaped from Shanxi.
My parents died too.
Now my brother is a soldier for Brigade Commander.
I don't know if he can survive.
Sister.
When do you think
drive the Japanese away?
Soon,
you will see your brother soon.
Take all the defeated soldiers in Yiyang
to the airport for reorganization.
There are more than two groups.
What if the commander asks?
Let’s edit it first.
I'll explain the problem.
The Japanese didn't attack.
Logically, the army retreated in chaos.
It will be a great opportunity
to follow them.
But they stopped.
It can't be.
Are they not ready yet?
No.
The Japanese operation
Every step is calculated.
It doesn't make sense.
Boss, something happened.
What is it?
Come and take a look.
Let's go.
Eagle, don't get too close.
What's going on?
When did this happen?
I went for a walk last night.
I found a few brothers in the battlefield not feeling well.
So I brought them back.
It ended up like this in the morning.
Have you seen the doctor?
After the Great Golden tooth rebelled,
there will be no doctors in Black Tiger Mountain.
And I'm worried that these people
No one is allowed to touch them without my order.
What do you mean?
I'm not sure yet.
The war is in chaos.
refugees are everywhere.
I still remember the plague was spread in the early years.
We must take precautions.
Go to the county with me.
to see if there's any prescription
in the military clinic.
Guards!
Is there any wine in Black Tiger Mountain?
Yes, there are plenty of wine.
OK. Take it out.
to everyone in the village.
cover their mouth and nose with wine.
It's always right to disinfect with alcohol.
And
to the front line.
to the front line. Hurry.
Yes.
Eagle, go to the county with us.
Let's go.
Brigade Commander.
I'm sure.
I saw this disease
in Jiangxi two years ago.
It's a plague.
The Japanese did it.
What can we do?
We must check how many soldiers are sick
and then isolate
in quarantine.
We also need a lot of sulfa drugs.
But this medicine
we don't have much reserve here.
Where can we get these pills?
Chongqing.
But it's a long way.
I'm afraid it'll be too late.
I'll contact Chongqing
to see if they can help.
Army, I understand.
Don’t worry. I’ll control it.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Sir.
Report!
Brigade Commander.
Except the Tuba on duty, Lian Li,
three people are sick.
The rest of the teams haven't found the infected.
Still, isolate the whole team.
Yes.
Report! Report!
Some refugees and deserters came.
They have the same symptoms.
Pass my order.
to bring all the symptoms
and those who contact them
to an abandoned pit.
Go. Yes.
What's that sound?
Let us in.
Open the city gate!
The Japanese are so heartless.
They even want to kill innocent people.
I will make them pay with their blood sooner or later.
Why don't you let the refugees in?
Because it's very likely that
these refugees carry virus.
Shouldn't we
let them enter the city for treatment?
I wish it was that easy.
Is there any other way to the city?
Yes.
Let's go.
This is bad.
Not only Black Tiger Mountain,
even the refugees here are infected.
If this disease is contagious,
the consequences will be unimaginable.
Bao, what should we do?
Go find Cui Wenkui.
I didn't expect
the royal army would play like this.
It doesn't matter.
What matters is
how to win
to win?
Cui Wenkui only has a few men.
You don't have to do anything to him.
Mr. He,
When did you start worrying about the country and the people?
Brigade Commander Cui, please come in.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Welcome, Brigade Commander Cui.
Please come in.
I'm not going in.
Mr. He, to be honest,
I'm here to ask you a favor.
Brigade Commander Cui, don't say that.
Just let me know.
You should know
You should know.
As a parent officer,
shouldn't you do something?
No problem.
I'm the head of a county, a local parent.
What I should do is...
How can I help you?
I need money to buy a batch of drugs.
How much?
The more, the better.
No problem.
I'll send it to you as soon as possible.
Mr. He agreed so quickly today.
Brigade Commander Cui, to be honest,
Soldiers are working hard on the front line.
I just prepared some money.
It doesn't make sense
It doesn't make sense.
Since Mr. He agreed,
I won't bother you.
I'll wait for your letter.
No.
Don't worry, Brigade Commander Cui.
I'll send it to you
in one day.
You're a good man.
But let me tell you,
there is no win-win in this world.
I look down on
is what I despise the most.
Mr. Tanaka.
Speak and do things with heart.
Who is willing to work so hard?
Besides,
I'm doing this for your safety.
Send them away as soon as possible.
How much are you going to pay them?
Since you agreed, I'll give him a little.
Give him some.
You can do it.
Go.
Yes.
Brigade Commander.
You two go out first.
Yes.
How did you get in?
There's a drainage canal
in the southeast corner.
There is a drainage canal in the southeast corner.
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Check the drainage canal in the southeast corner.
in the southeast corner.
Yes.
What's up?
I thought only such patients in Heihu Mountain
came to the county
you have more.
What's going on?
It seems that the Black Tiger Mountain also has a plague.
Rat plague?
How are you going to solve the current situation?
Brigade Commander Cui.
I've called Chongqing
to tell them about the situation here.
and wrote a report.
The Japanese attacked the people of Shazhou with the plague.
and caused a lot of casualties.
Do you want to read the news report?
Wen Pei.
Who are these?
Let me introduce.
This is the young master of Qinglong Fortress.
Wu Zhen.
Of course, he's also a friend of the Cui family.
His real name is Cai Yun.
Hello, I'm Reporter Chae Jin from Taekan Daily.
Hello.
All right.
Go back now.
What will you do in the future?
My father is a Communist Party.
That's why I'm going to be a Communist Party.
Will you kill my father when you come back?
I don't know.
If I really come back to kill your father,
would you stop me?
I don't know.
I don't have money. Take this.
You can change food when you get there.
No.
Steamed buns.
Take it.
Just go.
Should I call you Mr. Wu or Mr. Cai?
This is...
The evening of the 30th room.
Travel 72, No.5.
AL, 30th, 5th Mausoleum, L Garden.
Travel 72.
My teacher is at the 30th Army.
No.72 Brigade.
This is the only daughter of the leader of Qinglong Fortress,
Master of Qinglong Fortress.
Thirty lions.
Nice to meet you.
Bao, let's get down to business.
Travel 72.
The Mound of Lion 30.
Miss Cai.
You know why I'm here.
But you know
I can't help you.
Can you do something about your military clinic?
We can’t confirm
how many refugees are carrying bacteria.
We can't just
the situation get worse.
Chongqing received news that
it will take at least two days
to deliver the equipment and medicine.
Two days.
Did you know the Japanese would send a plane to stop you?
I have an idea.
But I need your cooperation.
You have a way?
What else?
Waiting to die like you?
If you have a reason,
I'll cooperate with you.
We both know
The plague spread so fast.
It means there must be
there must be
that they developed in advance.
Yes.
Where did they cultivate them?
I'll contact Chongqing.
and ask them to check
Japanese garrison near Shaanxi.
Here. Sprinkle more.
And here. Sprinkle more.
Choi Moon-Kui.
What are you sprinkling?
It's for sterilization.
Boss, go get some bags.
Choi Moon-Kui.
Ask your men to send some raw lime to Black Tiger Mountain.
Don't just let people work. Don't skip meals.
Okay.
I'll ask platoon Zhu
to send you some bags of Black Tiger Mountain.
Ms. Shangguan, have a seat.
I just got in touch with Chongqing.
Army No. 12 of the Japanese army
the 37th Division.
There is a war hospital stationed near the Dragon Gate.
According to intelligence,
this hospital is mysterious.
There aren't many Japanese injured patients.
Many refugees have been sent to treatment.
Luoyang
It's only 100 miles away from here.
It's very likely to be here.
What are you thinking?
As long as we find where they cultivate,
there must be enough
disinfects and drugs
or destroy them.
Luo Yang.
Do you know
Luoyang is now under the control of the Japanese army.
Let's not talk about whether we can get out safely.
I want to steal equipment and medicine from inside.
You two are too naive.
At least this can guarantee
the condition won't keep increasing.
In other words,
even if they destroy the facilities,
the Japanese won't dare
to increase the pathogens easily.
If I have to do this,
this trip will be a narrow escape.
I can go alone.
I have some connections.
Me too.
Eagle, I'm not going to fight this time.
Wait for me here.
No.
I'll go back and get ready. No need.
I said I'll go by myself.
All three of you, stop arguing.
It's getting late today.
I'll send someone
to your place later.
We'll discuss it later.
I won't let you go alone.
Eagle, take a good rest today.
Let's talk tomorrow.
I have something to discuss with Cui Wenkui.
Okay.
Don't lie to me.
Sure.
Are you coming?
Captain Zhu. Yes.
Well, send someone
safely back to their place.
Yes.
Bao, I'll go with you.
You have to go back to Black Tiger Mountain.
I...
Once the devil attacks,
we can't leave them alone.
The sick brothers
must be isolated.
There are many things
waiting for you.
Inform other villages to be strictly guarded.
Got it.
How about this?
I'll get someone
to send you out of the city safely.
I think you should know
why I sent Eagle
to you?
I know.
I don't
won't fight for a while.
And I don't have a plague here.
I feel sorry for you.
This way, please.
Ms. Shangguan.
This is the only room
in the independent Brigade.
You can stay with Miss Cai today.
Lingdang.
Coming.
Leader Joo, Sister Cai.
Sister Cai.
Leader Zhu, who is this?
Take care.
I won't argue with you.
But if you go alone,
you'll die.
It's better than watching the people die here.
This is war.
You have to endure and accept its cruelty.
I accept the cruel result after hard work.
Or I won't accept it.
Is this what you Communist Party think?
That's our faith.
Do you think Reporter Chae
looks like her?
Of course.
They look so alike.
You have no idea.
When I first met her, I...
I was in a trance.
If it was really her,
you should be happy now.
She's a commander now.
But no matter
as long as she's alive,
as long as she's alive.
Let me ask you.
If you were to kill me one day,
what would you do if my sister was in the middle?
If that day comes,
no matter who is in the middle,
I will kill you.
By the way,
someone wants to see you.
Who?
Mr. He's son, He Zheng.
He Zheng?
I don't know him.
He's Mr Wu's student.
I think before you go to Luoyang,
before you go to Luoyang.
Mr. Wu.
Sister Cai.
Let me do it.
Mr. He.
Looks like
this time.
Will you
leave a way out for your son?
They have soldiers and guns.
Can I afford to offend them?
Do you doubt our cooperation?
Mr. Tanaka,
I really want to work with you.
Otherwise, I would have given you up.
Do we have to wait till today?
You are much more valuable
than the things in the box outside.
Brigade Commander Cui, please come in.
I'll leave this to you.
I'll talk to your son in the back hall.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Please have a seat.
Brigade Commander Cui, didn't I agree
I'll send it to you in a day.
Thank you for coming again.
That's not why I'm here.
I brought you a new friend.
He looks like
He looks like a swordsman.
Look at his manner.
I wonder which village he is.
Wu Zhen, the new head of Heihu Mountain.
Mr. He, nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Have a seat.
We're here
to visit your son.
Don't mention him.
He's too young to play.
He went out early in the morning.
What a coincidence.
How about this, Brigade Commander Cui?
When he comes back,
I'll take him to the command centre to meet you.
Sit here.
I'll take a look.
the soft and money I prepared for you.
I'm worried.
Excuse me.
Let me do it.
Okay.
Got it.
Where are you going?
Do you really think
they will decide tomorrow?
What do you mean?
If you don't want to be locked up here,
do me a favor.
Why should I help you?
Because I want to help Jennifer go to Luoyang.
OK.
Let's go together.
Magistrate He.
Is something bothering you today?
No.
Nothing.
Brigade Commander Cui.
I came out in a hurry.
Excuse me.
Mr. He, I'm sorry.
I need to use your toilet.
It's in the backyard.
Magistrate He.
Thank you so much.
I'll take my leave.
You're welcome, Brigade Commander Cui.
Take care.
Why did you take the county magistrate's stuff?
This was meant for the independent Brigade.
He doesn't even know how much money he has.
He doesn't take it for free.
Don't let the county magistrate know.
You still don't understand?
We have Japanese.
And they send money to the independent brigade.
The roads on both sides are blocked.
Let's catch them if we can.
We have to think of a way out.
Japanese.
Let's go.
They're gone.
Why are you looking for Wu Zhen?
Mr. Tian Yuan, you can't listen to him.
He's talking nonsense.
Did Choi Moon-Kui also talk nonsense with him?
My teacher
is a shadow puppet actor.
was killed by Cui Wenkui.
Wu Zhen likes my teacher's shadow puppets.
If I sell it to him,
he'll agree to anything.
What shadow puppet? Sun Wukong?
What is it? Making a scene in the Heavenly Palace?
Why did Cui Wenkui kill him?
I don't know.
Why are you looking for Wu Zhen?
I'll give him the shadow puppet.
I want him to kill Cui Wenkui for me.
I can help you kill Choi Moon-Kui.
Of course I won't look for you.
My father finally hid you.
You still don't trust my father?
I don't want my father's efforts to be ruined by me.
Dad, where is Wu Zhen?
It's over there. Go.
Wait.
Okay, go ahead.
Your father is here to talk with me.
Go.
Mr. Tian Yuan, please sit down.
Are you Wu Zhen?
Yes.
You are He Zheng?
What's up?
My teacher's grandson Monkey.
Do you want to buy it?
This is your teacher's food.
He doesn't sell it.
No.
How did you get to the Peach Association?
Sir, do you sell this monkey?
No, I don't.
If you don't sell it, how can Sun monkey go to the Peach Association?
Here you are, Sun Monkey.
You gave Sun Hou Zi to me.
because you want me to do something for you, right?
Yes.
You want me to kill someone just for a donkey puppet?
It's not worth it.
I won't go.
Don't. Can't you give it a try?
Kid.
I killed someone for a donkey puppet.
I have something to do. I have to go.
Go back and tell your father.
I'm leaving.
We've been walking for so long.
When are we going to find vegetable buns?
I have something to do before I find him.
You...
You didn't tell me you had something to do.
Close the door.
After a long trip,
to this stupid pharmacy.
What are you doing?
I have an appointment. Who?
I don't know yet.
Maybe someone I know.
So mysterious.
Hurry up.
Comrade Wu Zhen.
Once we lose contact with the Shanzhou underground party,
the higher-ups will definitely send someone to rebuild it.
Our new comrades will be able to build a new pharmacy in the future.
What are you doing?
Hide.
Why are you hiding?
Why are you here?
Bao.
You two are good.
When did you meet?
Well...
Stop pretending to be mysterious.
What happened?
You go first.
Did she ask you to meet here?
What are you talking about?
She said she had an appointment and you came.
Explain it to me.
what happened.
Who are you?
How is Mr. Kong?
Mr. Wu asked me to come.
I'm looking for the Eight-horned Lotus.
You can't take too much lotus.
We need it at home.
You need to water it after frying it.
Remember the emperor and his subjects.
Saving lives is more important.
Hello.
There's one breathing here.
Are you done?
Doctor, how much longer can I live?
We will try our best.
I have a sister named Tong Lingdang.
She works in the command center of the Brigade.
If she asks me,
don't tell her I died here.
Just say
I fought with the Japanese.
Thank you.
You Chinese like to waste your time
waste your time on these useless things.
Don't say that, Mr. Tanaka.
In terms of cultivation, you can work hard.
and don't care about others.
In terms of governing the world,
some toys
can be entertained.
In your eyes,
is a fighter who doesn't fear power.
In my opinion,
is just another powerful weapon.
power and power are different.
Shut up!
Don't interrupt when adults are talking.
All right, stop talking.
I have something to do outside the city.
Okay, I'll give you a ride.
No need.
I’ve been here for so long.
I won’t bother you.
Mr. Tian Yuan,
Thank you.
Your son will do it for me.
Just send me out of the city.
What did you say?
Your son is smart.
I'll take him out to see the world.
Don't worry.
I'll be back in Shanzhou.
By then,
I will bring him back
back to you.
You...
Is Luoyang fun?
Of course.
Okay, I'll go with you.
Son.
Father, don't worry.
If anything happens to my son,
I'll kill you.
Why do you Communist Party accept everyone?
What's wrong with him?
Yes.
Nothing.
Could you please tell your leader
another person?
It's not that simple.
It's not that easy.
Can you be reasonable?
Okay.
Promise me one thing first.
I'm going to Luoyang with you.
No.
It's too dangerous.
It's dangerous.
I can't let you go alone.
Actor table.
Zhang Wen.
and actors.
Yue, Wang, Yang Ziyi, Tian Chenzhe, Deng Kai. Mei Liangdong.
Li, Yu Hongda, Tian Guofeng, Gong, Fan. Cheng Kaiyan.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengseng, Yang Haoyu, Zhao Zhao Zhao.
Wang Yang Zi, Tian Chenzhe, Deng Kaimei, Liang Dong.
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Sun Haochun.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao Sun Hao.
Wang Jinjun Liu Jiawen.
Ji, Chao, Zhao Zhigang, Kung, Ji Youyi. Peng Zhenfu.
Xu Fu and Wu Jianyu Zhang Guangyan Sun Yuanwen Chang Qing.
Wu Jinxing, Feng Yonghao, Wei Long, Deng Bao Quan.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Lianglin.
Li Zhendong, Qian, Rui, Zhang Ke'er, Yang Junjie. Cui Yuseok.
Zhao Jianhao, Li Xiaoyan, Dong Yuanqi, Sun Tao.
Staff Form.
Director team.
The production team.
Feng Xiaogang.
Photography team.
Ding Weihao.
Lighting Team.
Tian Shuizhou.
The clothing team.
Shi Jangyeong.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Props team.
Set team.
Set team leader, Yang Longfei.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
Sun Hai.
The recording team.
Wang Wenbo.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Kang Jiping.
Li Zhenmin, Dou Xingbin, Wei Ran Jia, Zong Changshun Rong Xi.
Wei Zidian, Qiao Chunsheng, Yang, Tao, Chen Jianfen Jiang Jiping.
Wang Bao Cheung, Su Gao Feng, Liu Deyu, Zhai Yongming. Zou Youwei.
Zhang Chenggui, Su Mingxin, Liu Hongxing, Di Yuping Xu Guanglle.
Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Shou Qiang, Yang Yijiang
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jian Ping.
Cut.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
dubber.
Zhou Xiangning.
Music Producer.
Theme song, Hero.
composed.
Singing Weining Peak Qin Yidan
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Kangdang.
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District.
[Shanzhou District Civil Government]
Shanzhou District, Temple, Village Scenic Area.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
Original store is in a fork.
Zhou family in the city.
[Legal Consultant]
The legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
There are three branches in total.
There are three marketing departments in total.
The Commission of Shanzhou
The People's Government of Shanzhou District
Zhongtong Municipal County Commission.
Henan Henan Yunyang Liquor Co., Ltd.
The People's Government of Laji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
[Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
[Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association]
TV station.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
Henan Elephant Film Production Co., Ltd.
[Qianzhou Cultural Development Co., Ltd.]
Qijin (Quanzhou) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
I'll reward Zhang Bing first.